# INC 5000 company data analysis
Inc 5000 (https://www.inc.com/inc5000) is a respected organization that annually compiles lists of high-growth companies.  
The data file contains information about companies that were included in the Inc. 5000 list for the year 2018. These companies were ranked based on their percentage revenue growth from 2014 to 2017. To be eligible for inclusion, these companies needed to meet specific criteria:  

1. They must have been established and generating revenue by March 31, 2014.  
1. They must be privately held, for-profit entities based in the United States.  
1. They should operate independently, not as subsidiaries or divisions of other companies, as of December 31, 2017. (Note that some of the companies on the list may have since gone public or been acquired.)  
1. The minimum revenue required for 2014 was 100,000 dollars, and the minimum for 2017 was 2 million dollars.  

Growth rates used to rank these companies were calculated with precision to two decimal places. In cases where multiple companies had the same growth rate, those with higher revenue were given a higher ranking.  

# **DataSet Structure: Inc 5000 company data**  
**Url (string) :** Url link of inc 5000 website for each company located on inc 5000  
**Rank (int) :** Rank of the company according to the growth rate  
**City (string) :** City in which the company is located  
**Growth (decimal) :** Growth rate of the company  
**Employees (int) :** Number of employees in the company  
**Company Name (string) :** Company's name  
**Website (string) :** link for company's website  
**City.1 (string) :** State in which the company is located  
**State (string) :** State Code of the state in which the company is located  
**Revenuw (decimal) :** Revenue generated by the company  
**Zip Code (string) :** Zip code of the place where the company is located  
**Founded (int) :** Founding year of the company  
**Industry (string) :** Different industry to which the company belongs  
**City,State (string) :** City and State in which the company is located
